I’m telling you
How can you be so tactless?
Do you believe I’ll sell you
To Africa to mine coal?
Miss
Alright, alright
Stop scolding him
I called him here
The task I gave you
How’s it going?
Miss, rest assured
I’ve sent people to deal
That Fù guy a proper beating
Guaranteed he won’t get out of bed for a month
He dared kidnap Brother Fēng
Not taking his life
Is already letting him off easy
But
Fù Jiā Háo just took
Ten billion from Qín Shì
Bankrupting him in the short term
Might be a bit tough
Don’t worry, what he took
I’ll make him spit it all out
Find an opportunity
To leak the news
That the true heir of Qín Shì
The Eldest Miss Qín
Has returned to the country
She and Qín Fēng have never gotten along
This time she’s back
To fight for the family fortune